> Easy, spectacular and fun melee combat system we know from Minecraft Dungeons.  
> Add unique behaviour to your weapon, or just reuse a preset, using data files (aka JSON API).  
> [See the original README for feature list.](https://github.com/LukeGrahamLandry/BetterCombat/blob/b390c04ad7c3ca675ae658269d87477acbeb0f01/README.md)

This is an unofficial backport to 1.16.5. Please do not annoy the original author with support requests, just post them on the issues tab of this repo. I'll try to fix stuff eventually but it probably won't be anytime soon. 

This port was commissioned by [Adam](https://www.curseforge.com/members/adam98991/projects) for thier upcoming modpack MC Eternal 2. As a side effect of that commission I also wrote the initial port to Forge 1.19.2 ([PR](https://github.com/ZsoltMolnarrr/BetterCombat/pull/53)). Since I had to make the forge changes anyway, it seemed friendly to do them on 1.19.2 first to give back to the original creator. So if you enjoy playing with Better Combat on any version of Forge you should give a massive thanks to Adam and maybe go checkout thier mod packs. Almost all of it was done by reimplmenting small parts of the Fabric API on top of Forge so the mod can build for both loaders with minimal changes to the core code and less maintenance burdan. Just as a point of reference, when this port was orignally made, Better Combat had 15k downloads. I have a sneaking suspicion that some small part of its explosion in popularity since then was due to being made available on a more popular mod loader. 

Sorry for any inconvinence caused by this not being on curseforge. There were plans to do so but we were complained at by the original author (dispite the GPL explicity permitting forks) and decided to respect thier preferences. There was some contention about mods existing for older Minecraft versions. After all, it is the right of mod developers to do everything we can do force players to update by avoiding backports. Simply port any old mods you want to use to the latest version instead. (I certainly agree with avoiding the extra work of maintaining things on multiple versions simultaneously. That's why open sourcing stuff is great; the community can step in and allow more people to enjoy our mods). So for now, I can't release it cause that would be taking credit for it and they can't release it cause that would imply supporting it, so you're stuck with Github Releases 🤷. 

I find dealing with the whole thing somewhat unpleasent and just generally inducing a massive vortex of burnout so I'm simply going to ignore it for now. If you want to pester [adam](https://discord.gg/ZS6FRR3) and [daedelus](https://discord.gg/KN9b3pjFTM) on thier respective discord servers to agree on some more convinent system of distribution for mod packs, feel free. Hopefully everything will work itself out. 

I'll probably try to backport the improvements made in newer versions of better combat eventually, if the license permits. But don't hold your breath. 
